2023-09-07: Handbook: Engineering dept: Sprint ceremonies (#13783)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering/README.md

1. **Sprint kickoff**: On the first day of the sprint, the team, along with stakeholders, select items from the backlog to work on. The team then commits to completing these items within the sprint.
2. **Daily standup**: Every day, the team convenes for updates. During this session, each team member shares what they accomplished since the last standup, their plans until the next meeting, and any blockers they are experiencing.
3. **Weekly estimation sessions**: The team estimates backlog items once a week (three times per sprint). These sessions help to schedule work completion and align the roadmap with business needs. They also provide estimated work units for upcoming sprints.

> 4. **Sprint demo**: On the last day of each sprint, all engineering teams and stakeholders come together to review completed work. Engineers are allotted 3-10 minutes to present their accomplishments, as well as any pending tasks. As these meetings may be recorded to showcase Fleet's engineering progress on social media, do not mention customer names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Sprint demo**: On the last day of each sprint, all engineering teams and stakeholders come together to review completed work. Engineers are allotted 3-10 minutes to present their accomplishments, as well as any pending tasks. (These meetings are recorded and posted publicly to YouTube or other platforms, so participants should avoid mentioning customer names.  For example, instead of "Fastly", you can say "a publicly-traded hosting company", or use the [customer's codename](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customers#customer-codenames).)
```
